hi hi there let's kick off with phrase
number one we use it a lot to say goodbye
you know it's similar to goodbye
so let's check the next video
I'll see you soon bye
I'll see you tomorrow at the Palace Hotel
Inkstad I'll see you tomorrow at the
Palace Hotel Inkstad so more examples see
you later see you tomorrow good night
I'll see you then see you lesson or
phrase number two phrase number two bye
bye significa adios similar to goodbye or
see you okay it's similar for example
watch the clip I'll see you soon bye I'll
see you soon bye bye honey have fun with
you then bye honey have fun with you then
more examples time to go say goodbye it's
time to go bye -bye pretty good pretty
good so see you repeat after me say with
me see you excellent again see you pretty
good bye bye bye nice and the last one
take care take take care okay take care
so take care take care significa cuídate ¿listo?
it's very similar to goodbye
it's the same thing we're learning
different ways of saying goodbye
ok estamos aprendiendo diferentes formas
de decir adiós o despedirnos so take care
es una de ellas more examples it was
great catching up with you take care or
this one take care have a safe journey
pretty good excellent excellent excellent
so listen this thing you're gonna listen
the conversation and read it ok listen
and read the conversation are you coming
tomorrow are you coming tomorrow yeah
then we could go for lunch and try some
of the local cuisine yes
please thank you very much sure
I'll be there on time have a nice weekend
pretty good so Choco Inglés believes in
you believe in your abilities and what
you can do because we believe in you and
we're helping you achieve this nosotros
como Choco Inglés creemos en ti y sabemos
que lo vas a poder lograr so take care
see you ¡Choco Inglés creemos en ti como
Choco Inglés creemos en ti съ -j reach
however est -j to la igreemos
mandambition thank you very much many
folks unest included en ti